Add customizable timestamp (#2788)
microsoft/BotFramework-WebChat: samples/05.custom-components/h.activity-status/README.md

# Sample - Customize activity status

> This sample shows how to customize activity status.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This sample shows how to customize the activity status component through middleware.
```

# Test out the hosted sample

-  [Try out MockBot](https://microsoft.github.io/BotFramework-WebChat/05.custom-components/h.activity-status)

# How to run

-  Fork this repository
-  Navigate to `/Your-Local-WebChat/samples/05.custom-components/h.activity-status` in command line
-  Run `npx serve`
-  Browse to [http://localhost:5000/](http://localhost:5000/)

# Things to try out

- Type `echo Hello` to the bot

>    - Observe the timestamp change become "User at just now"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - Observe the timestamp change become "User at just now"
```
```suggestion
   - Observe the timestamp change: the timestamp for the user now says "User at just now"
```

- Turn on airplane mode and send anything

>    - When send failed, observe the timestamp become "Send failed." without retry prompt

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - When send fails, observe the timestamp becomes "Send failed." **without** the original retry prompt
```

# Code

> Jump to [completed code](#completed-code) to see the end-result `index.html`.

## Overview

> Note: this sample is based from [`01.getting-started/e.host-with-react`](https://github.com/microsoft/BotFramework-WebChat/tree/master/samples/01.getting-started/e.host-with-react).

> First, we will create a middleware to render activity status. The middleware will render activity status based on its send state and timestamp grouping. If the send state is failed, developers could add custom retry logic.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
First, we will create a middleware to render activity status. The middleware will render activity status based on its send state and timestamp grouping. If the send state returns as failed, developers can add custom retry logic to the app.
```

+     sendState,
+     sameTimestampGroup
+   } = args;
+
+   if (sendState === 'sending') {
+     return <span className="activityStatus activityStatus__sendStatus">Sending&hellip;</span>;
+   } else if (sendState === 'send failed') {
+     return <span className="activityStatus">Send failed.</span>;
+   } else if (!sameTimestampGroup) {
+     return (
+       <span className="activityStatus activityStatus__timestamp">
+         <span className="activityStatus__timestampPretext">{role === 'user' ? 'User at ' : 'Bot at '}</span>
+         <span className="activityStatus__timestampContent">{next(args)}</span>
+       </span>
+     );
+   }

    return next(args);
  };

  window.ReactDOM.render(
    <ReactWebChat directLine={window.WebChat.createDirectLine({ token })} />,
    document.getElementById('webchat')
  );
```

Then, we will pass the middleware to React thru props.

```diff
  window.ReactDOM.render(
-   <ReactWebChat directLine={window.WebChat.createDirectLine({ token })} />,
+   <ReactWebChat
+     activityStatusMiddleware={activityStatusMiddleware}
+     directLine={window.WebChat.createDirectLine({ token })}
+   />,
    document.getElementById('webchat')
  );
```

> Lastly, we will set the CSS so the customized timestamp looks flushed.

Reviewer: flushed: fleshed-out?

```diff
  html,
  body {
    height: 100%;
  }

  body {
    margin: 0;
  }

  #webchat {
    height: 100%;
    width: 100%;
  }

+ .activityStatus {
+   color: #767676;
+   font-family: Calibri, 'Helvetica Neue', Arial, sans-serif;
+ }
+
+ .activityStatus__sendStatus,
+ .activityStatus__timestampPretext {
+   font-size: 80%;
+ }
+
+ .activityStatus__timestampContent {
+   text-transform: lowercase;
+ }

> ```

Reviewer: necessary?

Author: ?

            },
            sendState,
            sameTimestampGroup
          } = args;

          if (sendState === 'sending') {
            return <span className="activityStatus activityStatus__sendStatus">Sending&hellip;</span>;
          } else if (sendState === 'send failed') {
            return <span className="activityStatus">Send failed.</span>;
          } else if (!sameTimestampGroup) {
            return (
              <span className="activityStatus activityStatus__timestamp">
                <span className="activityStatus__timestampPretext">{role === 'user' ? 'User at ' : 'Bot at '}</span>
                <span className="activityStatus__timestampContent">{next(args)}</span>
              </span>
            );
          }

          return next(args);
        };

        window.ReactDOM.render(
          <ReactWebChat
            activityStatusMiddleware={activityStatusMiddleware}
            directLine={window.WebChat.createDirectLine({ token })}
          />,
          document.getElementById('webchat')
        );

        document.querySelector('#webchat > *').focus();
      })().catch(err => console.error(err));
    </script>
  </body>
</html>
```

> # Further reading

Reviewer: Add link to activity hooks
